Add Disclaimers (#81)
NethermindEth/sedge: docs/docs/quickstart/complete-guide.mdx

Sedge uses the [staking-deposit-cli](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-deposit-cli) tool docker image to generate the [validator keystore](/docs/concepts/keystore). 

:::caution Disclaimer

> Users acknowledge that staking-deposit-cli is an external tool, which means that Nethermind exercises no control over its functioning and does not accept any liability for any issues that may arise from the use of the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users acknowledge that staking-deposit-cli is an external tool: Nethermind has no control over its functioning and does not accept any liability for issues that may arise from the use of the tool for key pair creation and management.
```
